[theme music starts]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give, all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
THE TRAP
[computer blipping]
-Hey, Aelita, are you connected?
-[computer beeps]
Hello, Jeremy. Did you have a good day?
No, nothing special.
[muttering]
Which classes do you have tomorrow?
First, we've got physics
and chemistry with Ms. Hertz
and a math exam with Ms. Mayer.
What do you do during an exam?
You show what you know in writing.
-What a strange idea.
-[Jim] Ulrich, Odd!
-[Jim] Lights out now!
-Not really. We're not like you.
Your memory and ours aren't the same,
because yours is, well, infinite.
Our brains have limited memory capacity.
We can't store as much data as you can.
In other words, Aelita,
compared to you,
our hard disk comes up short.
-Oh, I get it.
-[Jim] Are you sleeping yet?
I'll be in trouble
if I stay connected. I'm sorry, Aelita,
but... I've gotta go.
I don't wanna have
to introduce you to Jim.
I'll connect at noon tomorrow,
universal time.
-[owls hooting]
-[birds chirping]
-[theme music]
-[unintelligible chatter]
[the bell rings]
[theme music]
[bell rings]
[unlocking creaks]
[birds chirping]
[footsteps]
Something wrong, Jeremy?
-A problem?
-No. I finished, ma'am.
[students murmur] What? Already?
[mutters] Yes, you have.
Very good job. It's excellent work, too.
[muttering]
All the rest, keep working.
-Oh! Her birthday is today!
-[murmuring]
[Ms. Mayer] You may go, Jeremy.
[whispering] Thanks!
You could've stayed and helped me!
Aelita!
I almost forgot
that we met exactly a year ago today.
[Odd whispers]
It's Aelita's birthday today.
Yeah, I forgot about it.
What's going on?
Mind your own business.
[grunting]
[theme music]
[upbeat music]
[Ulrich] Wow, a year since we met Aelita.
[Odd] And I still haven't managed
to materialize her.
[Ulrich sips]
I know, but we managed
to protect her from XANA.
What if we use our lunch hour
to prepare a surprise?
-She'd like that, don't you think?
-Good idea.
What do you think, Jeremy?
Yeah! Let's go to the factory.
[tense music]
[Ulrich] Go ahead. I promised Yumi
I'd stop by after class.
-[Ulrich] We'll meet you there.
-[muttering]
[Sissi] I thought they would never leave.
Your friends stick to you like glue, huh?
Not as much as you, Sissi.
I'd like to talk to you, Ulrich.
Can we have lunch together? Just us two.
[muttering]
-Sorry, Yumi's waiting for me.
-[grunting]
[Sissi to self] It's always Yumi.
It's time he dumped her.
-[ominous music]
-[circuits flowing]
[grunting]
[tense music]
[electricity crackles]
[computer beeps]
[tense music]
[rumbling]
[buzzing]
[sliding]
-[rumbling]
-[buzzes]
[machine hisses]
[theme music]
[action music]
[panting]
[grunting]
[Odd grunts]
[panting]
[grunting]
I'd love to find a present for Aelita.
[Odd] No problem.
-Why don't you program a digital cake?
-Funny.
[clunk]
-[Odd grunts]
-[clunk]
What's wrong, Einstein?
-[Odd grunts]
-[clunk]
Power cut, I guess. Let's check out
the fuses in the control room.
[theme music]
[birds chirping]
-[Ulrich] What do you think?
-[Yumi] Great idea.
I wonder what he sees in her!
[Ulrich] Okay, let's go!
[grunting]
The coast is clear.
[humming]
[creaking]
Hmm...
Wow!
I forgot what this place looked like.
That's really cool.
[Jeremy] You're kidding.
A hunk of junk to me.
[machine buzzes]
[creaking]
[grunting]
[action music]
I'll beat you to the elevator! [giggles]
[Ulrich panting] We'll see!
[giggling]
[grunting]
[panting]
-[Yumi laughing] I won.
-That's nice, they sent it back down.
-Odd must be in the scanner.
-[clunk]
-[creaking]
-[Sissi] Nice little hiding place.
What are you doing here?
I should ask you that.
I wanna know. Are Jeremy and Odd waiting,
or is this your love nest?
That is none of your business.
Yumi's right.
-[clunk]
-[Ulrich] Why don't you leave?
[Ulrich shrugs] What's wrong?
It doesn't wanna open!
-[computer beeps]
-[tense music]
[grunting]
[shrugging]
[mechanical clanking]
-[creaking]
-[grunting]
[Sissi moans]
-[clunk]
-[Ulrich] It won't start off.
-What is it?
-I don't know. It's blocked.
[electricity crackles]
-[elevator hisses]
-[grunting]
[elevator rumbles]
[moaning]
[shouting]
-[creaking]
-[electricity crackles]
-[shouting]
-[elevator creaking]
-[buzzing]
-[grunting]
-[clunk]
-[they both gasp]
-What was that?
-Better check it out.
[tense music]
[panting]
[beeping]
[rumbling]
[buzzing]
[Odd shrugs]
[gasping]
It's a trap!
[action music]
[heartbeat]
XANA...
[theme music]
[rumbling]
[tense music]
[moaning]
-[Yumi] Ulrich! Are you okay? Answer me!
-[grunting]
-I can't seem to move my arm. And you?
-I was lucky. I'm okay.
But not her. She's out cold.
-[beep]
-I'll call Jeremy!
[hissing and buzzing]
[grunting]
-[phone ringing]
-[moaning]
Yumi, are you alright?
[Jeremy] In the elevator?
That was the noise we heard.
-[Jeremy] We're stuck in the machine room.
-[Odd] Careful!
[grunting]
We're on our own, Ulrich.
You gotta go back up. Get to the lab.
And you?
With just one arm, impossible.
Besides, we can't leave Sissi alone.
[groaning]
[Jeremy shouts]
-[Odd shouts]
-[clunk]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Jeremy moans]
Jeremy...
Jeremy, please, answer me.
Where are you?
[tense music]
[grunting]
[panting]
[theme music]
-[clunk]
-[groaning]
[grunting]
[Ulrich] What's the problem?
[moaning] I just remembered
I have a slight fear of heights.
Hang on tight
and don't look down. You can do it, Yumi.
[moaning]
What happened? I can't...
The elevator broke down.
We're stuck in the shaft.
Oh, I'm so cold.
Don't worry,
we'll be out of here soon.
Ulrich, what is it?
-I think I broke my arm.
-Let me have a look at it.
[moaning]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[water dripping]
[machine buzzes]
[moaning]
-We've gotta get out of here.
-No kidding, genius!
-Jeremy!
-[shouting]
[gasping]
[moaning]
-[buzz]
-[groaning]
Let me go, you horrible...
[grunting]
[shouting]
[moaning]
[drilling]
[groaning]
[Odd] Up here, hurry!
[grunting]
Follow me!
[panting]
Too bad this isn't Lyoko.
At least I have superpowers there.
I know Aelita's also in danger,
and she'll need your help.
How do we reach the lab?
Via the boiler room.
[theme music]
-[clunk]
-[grunting]
[phone ringing]
Odd, are you alright?
Where are you?
Heading for the lab.
And how are you doing?
Let's say I'm trying to cope.
[panting]
[footsteps]
[buzzing]
[Aelita moans]
[shrugging]
-[buzzes]
-[Aelita moans]
[wind swooshing]
[buzzing]
[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita shouts]
[Jeremy] Look at the boiler.
XANA's really after us this time.
Yumi's on her way to the lab
climbing up the shaft.
-[hissing]
-[shrugs]
[Odd] I don't trust that thing.
-Ready for a hundred yard dash?
-I'm better in math than gym.
Math won't help you now. Ready?
[shouting] Go! Yeah!
[panting]
-[hissing]
-[panting]
[Odd shouts]
[moans]
[rumbling]
[metallic clinking]
[machine hissing]
[murmurs]
[water dripping]
-What's that noise?
-Nothing.
Don't move. Wait... there. Okay.
Thank you.
You're a real good nurse.
I'm not just someone
who sticks to you like glue.
[gasp]
[tense music]
-[shrugs]
-[gasps]
[burbling]
[theme music]
-[action music]
-[mechanical footsteps]
[panting]
[mechanical footsteps]
[mechanical clanking]
[ethereal music]
[rumbling]
[Aelita sighs]
[Aelita giggles] Bye, bye!
[Aelita gasps]
[Yumi] Odd! Jeremy!
Odd! Jeremy! Please, answer!
[coughing]
You're here!
I was so scared!
[giggles]
We pushed the boiler hard.
It couldn't take it.
[theme music]
[burbling]
[Ulrich moaning] I don't believe it!
This is useless!
[computer's voice]
Lyoko Connection. Please wait.
[burbling]
[grunting]
This is absolutely impossible.
-[Jeremy] Here we go.
-[computer beeping]
I launched a scan for the position
of the activated tower.
[clicking]
Aelita, do you read me, Aelita?
I understand, Ulrich.
-How is Sissi?
-She's okay.
Hang on. We're off to Lyoko.
Okay, good luck.
The water rises,
and Ulrich can't swim with a broken arm.
I can't contact Aelita.
[burbling]
[gasping]
[computer beeps]
Okay, I've got the coordinates
of the tower.
-I gotta...
-Jeremy...
Aelita, how are you?
Everything okay?
I tried to contact you
for such a long time.
[mechanical footsteps]
We had a problem.
XANA set a trap for us in the factory.
Ulrich is in danger. Yumi and Odd
are going to Lyoko. We gotta hurry.
I'm in front of the tower.
I dreamed of being alone with you
for so long!
But this isn't what I had in mind.
I swear if we get out of here alive,
I'll be nicer to you in the future.
Really?
[gasping]
Jeremy and the others
will call for help, won't they?
I guess you can call it that.
They better hurry up.
If not, we'll drown
before you can be nicer to me!
[moaning]
Okay, Yumi and Odd, we're ready to go.
[Jeremy] Off to the desert.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
[computer beeps]
[buzzing]
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
[computer beeps]
-[Ulrich] Jeremy...
-Hold on, Ulrich.
Odd and Yumi are transferring.
Hang on for a second.
Hurry, Jeremy. It's getting tough.
We can hardly touch bottom!
Okay now, back to the virtualization.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd.
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[buzzing]
[Odd and Yumi gasp]
-[laser blasting]
-[gasp]
-[Odd] You missed!
-Aelita, it's time. Ready?
Okay, we'll force our way through.
Run behind us.
We gotta make it to the tower. Okay?
[Yumi grunts] Go!
[panting] Take that!
And that!
Forty life points in two shots.
You're losing life points too quickly!
[Odd panting] Don't worry, I'll make it!
-[Yumi] Watch out on your left!
-[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Odd gasps]
Your point loss is too high,
Odd, you hear?
[panting]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[buzzing]
[grunting]
[mechanical clanking]
[shouts]
Oh, no! Aelita!
[Yumi grunts]
Aelita, 80. Yumi, just ten.
Clear the passage!
[shouts]
[gasping] No!
[buzzing]
[Jeremy] No!
[panting]
-[buzzing]
-[sighs]
[beeping]
It's okay, Ulrich.
Aelita's in the tower.
[Jeremy] Ulrich, Ulrich, do you hear me?
[bubbling]
[panting]
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[burbling]
[sighing]
[buzzing]
[rewind sound]
Return to the past now.
[powering up]
-[light music]
-[birds chirping]
Okay, now.
[Jeremy] Ready, Aelita?
[Jeremy] Here we go!
What's going on? I don't understand.
[Odd] It's something from our world.
[shushing]
[everyone] Happy birthday, Aelita!
[giggles]
[Aelita] I don't get it.
[Jeremy] We're celebrating.
It's one year ago that we met you.
[Aelita] I see.
Am I supposed to do something?
-[Odd] Save me cake.
-[Yumi] One-track mind.
[Jeremy] Don't listen to that glutton.
[Odd] Speak for yourself, four eyes!
[Yumi] Calm down, guys.
What a bunch of loonies!
They celebrate their computer's birthday!
[Sissi] I think it's a trendy thing.
Buy a cake for tomorrow, to celebrate
the birthday of my makeup kit.
[giggles]
[they both shrug]
-[Yumi] You're eating all the cake. Stop!
-[Odd] I'm hungry!
-[Yumi] So is everybody else.
-[Jeremy] Hand it over.
[theme music]